chore(cli): Enable 'next' and 'experimental' tags for `rw upgrade` (#8024)
redwoodjs/redwood: docs/docs/cli-commands.md

| Option          | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| :-------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--dry-run, -d` | Check for outdated packages without upgrading                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | `--tag, -t`     | Choices are "rc", "canary", "latest", "next", "experimental", or a specific version (e.g. "0.19.3"). WARNING: Unstable releases in the case of "canary", "experimental" and "rc" will force upgrade packages to the most recent release of the specified tag. |

Author: Need to also warn of "next" in the "WARNING: Unstable releases..." section?

Reviewer: yes!

> | `--tag, -t`     | Choices are "rc", "canary", "latest", "next", "experimental", or a specific version (e.g. "0.19.3"). WARNING: Unstable releases in the case of "canary", "experimental" and "rc" will force upgrade packages to the most recent release of the specified tag. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--tag, -t`     | Choices are "rc", "canary", "latest", "next", "experimental", or a specific version (e.g. "0.19.3"). WARNING: Unstable releases in the case of "canary", "rc", "next", and "experimental". And "canary" releases include breaking changes often requiring codemods if upgrading a project. |
```
